and we're back with more let's play
ganbare goemon to dragon level yeah be
warned we may have two three game overs
pretty much just making sure my control
stuff all set up and stuff okay Jay the
dirty has balls big balls seventh and
he's made out of them and we had our
first game over I was pretty quick well
again we had no lives left after the
last video anyways dragon dragon dragon
ball z huh why haha this isn't so bad of
course we got the fish and all of a
sudden just sound like a hurry yeah
that's what I was just about to say
sounds like the Power Rangers same right
there I wonder if people can hear that
though cuz musics lot quieter than the
voice-over turquoise silver elephant huh
we both jumped into the same 10 power
rangers again
this is some pretty rockin music for
gallium on I have to say I like this
song yeah all right here comes the fun
part crawl faster don't crawl faster
it's okay we're at the end of level
anyways and you expected more game overs
there's we did actually with some chew
toys yeah wow it's not that hard it was
a pretty short level it's just um I
should make it safe state huh all right
look it's a dog we go try by some lower
Robert I'll think will really need it
won't help we'll just lose it right when
we die we'll see armor credentials oh
never get a go to remember oh yeah i
forgot about this brother rub rub rub
rub rub rub another round hey oh oh look
yes hey sure okay
here I you have I don't know who's
playing I get I guess what they were
before really I wish ones me I'm the red
cursor then um wait haha wait what the
Chisholm's mine OIC have to match both
of them alright whatever oh this is a
weird minigames that then that really
makes no sense but all right did you
like steal my money or something I don't
did we both make money what's the point
of that a little bit of money but I made
the most because i had more so in other
words if you both play you could just
make infinite money off of that game
well you're paying me fun infinite money
until you tonight and I what's this
let's go in there
japanese japanese japanese all right
whatever sure I don't know we just did
oh we're playing Kate we get to fight
off some treasures in there is this
gonna be a story about a cave who knows
I don't even know what's going on right
now it's just how bad is gooey mom's
play right Wow oh we open one of the
secret paths oh sweet we got to try and
open up all those remember oh yeah oh
well we'll get around to it eventually
but ok why not wow I'm just going to
have them okay well i wasn't expecting
you to go down that fast what the hell
is that thing give me money give me
money give me money I don't even know
yeah well I'm just gonna sit on your
lies I'll fine uh uh huh a vision with
the light back dog not really I
mean you gotta check point so it's not
all bad except for those little severed
heads and the trees severed tree heads
never thought I'd see that can't grab
this is gambar going on to chair
watch out now I'll watch out now here we
go again alright let's finish up this
level and I guess we could call it a
video cuz I don't know okay you got hit
by the bullet of death out as I just got
hit by the bullet of death whoa well it
could be worse this could be a
platforming segment and wizards and
warriors ah no no would you do you know
what I'm just gonna get some money's
here we monies I don't know why we bust
open a giant tanuki statue to get money
but that's okay join us next time when
we continue let's play ganbare goemon to
see you then